EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/econtent/econtent_features/econtent_back_office.md

# eContent Back Office

You can see an overview of the data model in **Control center** -> **eContent**.

> The model itself has to be defined by a developer (using SQL). The tab **eContent types** shows an overview about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model itself has to be defined by a developer (with SQL). The tab **eContent types** shows an overview about:
```

- defined eContent types (e.g. `product_group`, `product`)
- the list of attributes per eContent type

> For each eContent Field Type the list of attributes will be displayed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each eContent Field Type the list of attributes is displayed:
```

- Name: identifier of this attribute
- ID: internal unique ID
- Type
- Mapping: shows where the field can be found when using the `CatalogElement`.
The mapping is defined in a yml file: `silver_econtent.default.mapping.product`

> (for more details see [econtent - Configuration](../econtent_configuration.md)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(For more information, see [econtent - Configuration](../econtent_configuration.md)).
```
